all right folks welcome back this is our
final meeting for the week and this
completes my daily review for the 2022
ICT free mentorship on YouTube series
all right so we finally made a run below
that May 12 2022 low
here and I want to take your attention
in
to the hourly
chart all right so here's the trading
day for Friday and we'll look at
this when we get to it
all right so we've Consolidated Market
ran up took the stop on my final balance
on that paper
trade we moved up into a deeper fair
value Gap creating the high of the
day we broke down below the 3915 and a
quarter
level now for me this was the the
turning point that I required like I
didn't want to do anything prior to the
this run here I did a
commentary on the Twitter
spaces uh portion of their service or
whatever where you basically just get to
hear someone talking and I just Jawbone
for a little
while around 8:30 to 10:00 I spent about
90 minutes just covering a lot of
different things from psychological
things to personal things and trading
and you know how my children
are with the exception of
one um not
really interested in trading but now I
have one of my sons that
are actively
pursuing and now obviously you know he's
given me permission to show you his
account here um it's a it's a live
account there you go you can see
uh he got his account up to
today
here so previous balance I was
mentioning and showing you earlier so do
a little clip on Twitter previous
balance after
commissions he had
9,751 66 and today he added another
$33,700 to it bringing this balance to $
13,451
66 that would essentially be in 3 weeks
like 300
100%
return or number one spot on the robins
leaderboard in less than a month now
obviously amp allows you to trade with a
amount of Leverage that is you know
exceedingly lower than that of what
Robins would do that kind of return
obviously is not typical okay I'm not
promising any of you that you're going
to get that and yes he's my son so he
has a lot of experience sitting next to
him so when we're looking at charts
together um I'm kind of like leaning on
my experience and asking him what he
sees basically what I'm doing with you
all when I'm training you okay I'll
prompt you I'll say what do you see here
and what do you see there so that way
kind of it builds his understanding as
the charts are
painting and he gets to push the buttons
on his own decided whether you he wants
to get in or get out and there it is and
today I was utilizing That Swing Low
there so I wanted to see that break so
during the time on Twitter I wasn't
really interested in anything until that
low was taken out and you can hear that
in the discussion um I'm wanting to see
this low
break I was giving it an opportunity to
see if it was going to show a
willingness to come up here and run
these highs I could have very well
happened hit that and then did all this
business here U but it just so happens
that it breaks the 3915 and a quarter
level here and then right in there I'll
explain how I personally would have been
involved and how I actually was talking
to my son about it and these types of
ideas helped him you know Propel his
account today the market trades below
the short-term low here took some sell
side out there and then ultimately
taking out the 3855 level
rather handsomely and we'll look at all
this business when we drop down our time
frames let's look at the 15-minute time
frame all right so here's that fair
value gapit worked up into I wasn't
interested in all this business back and
forth chopping
around finally with the 3915 and a
quarter level it broke through it and
then we had a gap in here which we'll
see on the lower time frames that was in
my opinion the better trade now some of
you are going to look at this and say
well it didn't go to a premium I'm
teaching you how to find the highest
probability and
also trusting the model I'm not limited
to just one model okay so I I kind of
like want to preface it by saying that I
don't want you thinking that I'm just
this onetick Pony that I can only do
what I'm taught in this model I know
some of you want me to sit down every
single day and give you the example of
that model but to do that that takes
away that Discovery for you like you got
to go into your charts and find them and
then by building a backlog of old data
showing those types of moves it helps
obviously with your confidence it builds
your own pattern recognition and it's
just that's just the way you are
supposed to do it period you know I'm
not going to do it for you I'm not going
to hold your hand for you I've taught
you what it looks like and how to find
it where it forms so that way you go
through it and you look for it to form
in your own charts and collect the
examples of it that's back
testing so anyway it runs through 372 in
a quarter creates another opportunity in
here you can actually see the fair value
Gap there trades up that's another short
worked lower finally creating the
short-term low and at 1:30 that's when
we start watching the afternoon PM
session bit rallies up creates
short-term high in here fair value Gap
the last hour of
trading rallies back up into a fair
value Gap here so if you look at the
range from here to here it goes back to
a premium I taught you that so that's a
Target this
imbalance Fair Val Gap reversal on
Friday's trading up into an old
imbalance there okay so my son
participated in shorts in here he took
two
shorts and went long in here all
throughout this and was able to again
push his account up $3,700 today if we
go into a five minute
chart here is that same idea where it
went created the low 130 it starts doing
its business what's it reaching for
going to go back into the middle of the
range into a
premium this is the array above half the
move from here to here is 50%
equilibrium and this is the premium
level so it
goes down small little drop down in here
into the fair value Gap after 3:00 and
then the market starts sending it into
an algorithmic spool where all this
price action starts running aggressively
into the close up into a completely
random level that was shown on the on
the hourly
chart and here we have the market
trading right up into that area and then
just consolidating going into the
close so
now the idea of looking for a setup let
me go
into no let's go into this little area
right in
here here's that fair value got there it
rallies up into it there and there then
breaks
lower in here there's a fair value Gap
it trades up into it there and sells off
notice that it's occurring at the levels
that I have here on the chart those old
lows where sell side would be resting so
we're using the fair Bay Gap after a run
Below on think of it like support
broken return back into the fair Bay Gap
not listen folks listen not go back to
the old low broken and act as resistance
okay that's not how I look at if the
fair Bay Gap doesn't exist I don't trust
that level as an old support broken turn
resistance that's why I try to everybody
that comes to me oh he's just trading
break and retest or he's trading support
and resistance I'm not because I
classify specific levels beforehand
looking at them with the logic that the
Market's going to create these patterns
around them same thing here old low the
fair value Gap it trades up into it it
Why didn't it just stop at the 3872 on a
quarter level because it's going into
the imbalance here then deliver is going
lower so the two shorts were in here in
here the
Longs in here here and then riding up
into the imbalance okay
and it's real hard to beat a live
account proving it and it's all the
better when it's your own son pushing
the buttons and seeing it happen so
that's just a really good feeling as a
dad so hopefully you know with what I
shared this week um I gave a lot of
content and today I just
wanted you to understand what it was and
why I was not willing to take a trade
yet because I wanted this level the 3915
and a quarter level to be broken I
wanted that to happen first and to do
that because on the 15-minute time
frame that gives
me that break whereas all up here it's
just it's Consolidated I don't want to
catch a a break below a short-term low
and then then run relative equal highs
notice that that's the reason why I'm
picking that because I know you're all
asking why didn't you use any of these
short-term lows being broken you could
have if you want to be ultra aggressive
I wasn't willing to be ultra aggressive
because we have a lot of volatility in
these markets right now so I want to
know that I know so this short-term low
that's why I hadn't noted I told you
about it in the commentary today
listening to me on
Twitter breaking
through you don't see the Gap here on
the that time frame but it's appearing
on the 5 minute chart and that's what my
son employed as his trade and then down
in here there was another trade and down
in here there was another trade and then
here is a trade so the key levels that I
note they're not just indiscriminate
levels they're levels that are built on
the logic
and it's based on liquidity not support
and resistance it's liquidity the orders
I know are going to be there based on
the logic that the Market's likely to do
what it's going to reach for that 3855
level only if we break below here and
then we have a fair value Gap and then
we break this level here and does it get
another fair value Gap yes and then
delivers even more so it's a matter of
all these things coming together as a
Confluence not just one
thing you know leading to that's the
conclusion that's the uh the exercise
of the pushing of the
button it requires a lot more things and
that's kind of like what I was helping
you with yesterday and hopefully this
morning if I
was successful at least I was hoping I
was successful some of you are really uh
coming back with feedback on Twitter
saying it was it was helpful and You'
seen it some of you actually took trades
some of you actually did demo and paper
trades and and you see it you actually
participated in it but when I said this
morning when I was closing the
presentation on Twitter where I was
audibly heard you can't see my charts I
was kind of like discussing things in
certain
levels what I was saying was I don't
have a setup yet it's sloppy and what it
was doing is all of this in here okay so
as we got to the 10 o'clock hour I told
you I wanted to be off air at 10 o'clock
because I'm anticipating the algorithm
taking that low out and it does and then
it creates the pattern I taught you
which is the fair value Gap
we have the displacement and I want to
see it take off now if you look at this
displacement leg here you're going to
want to measure that and say well okay
it didn't go to a What
premium I don't expect it to go to a
premium in here because it's going to be
in a hurry to do what get down below
that 3855 level for the week so let's go
one more time back
into the lower time frame actually the
first time going in the lower time frame
scrub back
[Music]
here okay so here is that return and the
defair Val Gap
here so when it does this I'm looking
for it to move quickly away and start
gravitating towards the other pool of
liquidity down
here if you're looking at it from the
relationship of
short-term dealing range this swing High
That Swing
Low we have our fair value Gap here it
trades up into it
there and that level 395 and a quarter
so it's a Confluence of several things
but the level itself just highlights
where the liquidity would be the
imbalance is what I'm keying off of and
what I'm focusing on so equal
equilibrium or above is What premium
that's what this is here okay that's on
one minute chart so don't be discouraged
or look at it from a perspective that
hey you know the market didn't go to a
premium you just don't have the
experience to see it yet you gotta you
have to do this for a while folks it
isn't a watch one time and then you know
it like it it takes some effort on your
part but I promise you if you work at it
you're gonna get it you're gonna get it
and then once you have it you can't
forget it it's like riding a bicycle
okay so hopefully this has been
insightful to you hopefully you learned
something this week hopefully I was able
to uh Propel your understanding a little
bit beyond what you were thinking was
about all you're going to get from me
for 2022 I have obviously some more
things I want to share with you but
hopefully you know you enjoyed this week
with me and I'll touch space with you on
next Tuesday Lord willing until then
enjoy weekend be safe